(meta) update PR template (#2141)
blitz-js/blitz: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### Checklist

- [ ] Changes covered by tests (tests added if needed)

> - [ ] PR requests documentation changes on [blitzjs.com](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitzjs.com)

Reviewer: Thanks! That specific wording is a bit confusing I think. What do you think about this?

```suggestion
- [ ] Does this PR warrant documentation updates? If yes, open a second PR with doc changes to [blitzjs.com](https://github.com/blitz-js/blitzjs.com)
```

Author: Yeah seems nice
